## Project structure

- `.build` **contains auto-generated files**

  Frontend code generated by webpack, served up via Expres.

- `.circleci`

  Configuration for the build and deployment pipeline

- `.github`

  Github specific documentation, including pull request template

- `app/`

  [Express](https://github.com/expressjs/express) application to preview components; also referred to as _Book a secure move Frontend_.

  Each folder inside this directory refers to a `module`, which can contain

  - `module/index.ts`
    Route configuration for the module
  - `module/controllers`

    A file or directory of files containing MVC controllers for the module

  - `module/fields`

    Form wizard fields

  - `module/steps`

    Form wizard steps

  - `module/views`

    Nunjucks page templates

  - `module/validators`

    Form validators

  - `module/middleware`

    Middleware helpers to decorate the request with specific module data

- `artifacts/` **contains auto-generated files**

  Error reports, images and videos from testcafe runners

- `common/`

  Application code not related to routing.

  - `assets/`

    Static assets for the frontend website

  - `components/`

    App level components. [More documentation here](../common/components/README.md)

  - `controllers/`

    Controllers relating to specific components

  - `formatters/`

    Custom formatters

  - `helpers/`

    Various helper functions, including form and framework helpers

  - `lib/`

    Various utility functions

  - `middleware/`

    General middleware that is not specific to a route

  - `parsers/`

    Date parsing functions

  - `presenters/`

    Functions to generate UI components

  - `services/`

    Services representing the backend API

  - `templates/`

    General templates that are not specific to a module

- `config/`

  Configuration files for the app

- `coverage/` **contains auto-generated files**

  Code coverage reports

- `docs/`

  Documentation files.

- `locales/`

  i18n localisation files.

- `mocks/`

  Contains a mock server for the auth server

- `reports` **contains auto-generated-files**

- `test/`

  - `e2e/`

    End to end tests

  - `fixtures`.

    Data for unit and E2E tests

    [More documentation here](../test/fixtures/api-client/README.md)

  - `unit`

    Helper files for the unit tests

- `.env.example`

  Example environment file for running the server. Requires valid values.

- `server.js`

  Express server as a separate module

- `start.js`
  Entrypoint for the application, using the above `server.js` module
